mysql-schema: add information about several missing system tables (#20409)
pingcap/docs: mysql-schema/mysql-schema.md

- `bind_info`: the binding information of execution plans
- `capture_plan_baselines_blacklist`: the blocklist for the automatic binding of the execution plan

## System tables related to PLAN REPLAYER

> - `plan_replayer_status`: the [`PLAN REPLAYER CAPTURE`](/sql-plan-replayer.md#use-plan-replayer-capture) tasks registered by the user
> - `plan_replayer_task`: the results of [`PLAN REPLAYER CAPTURE`](/sql-plan-replayer.md#use-plan-replayer-capture) tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `plan_replayer_status`: the [`PLAN REPLAYER CAPTURE`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-plan-replayer#use-plan-replayer-capture) tasks registered by the user
- `plan_replayer_task`: the results of [`PLAN REPLAYER CAPTURE`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-plan-replayer#use-plan-replayer-capture) tasks
```

> - `opt_rule_blacklist`: the blocklist for logical optimization rules

Reviewer: https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/a468479f3af0f6aa4686ef094e54fa75a2879984/mysql-schema/mysql-schema.md?plain=1#L118-L122

@Defined2014 Could you please confirm whether `advisory_locks` is applicable to/supported in TiDB Cloud? Thank you.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about it. Maybe ask the member of could team?
